aircraft
mention it fell go copy
the plane was nothing at all citizens and
things don't walk up to and on it and it's only
on the plane whipped in the snowy area
tori 2
it turned out to be a passenger fell in the area
hornbeam there is a sea of ​​corpses of women and children
Now the Cossacks there are watching this whole thing to
TV seems to be like this on
26 new trojan muzzle written
quite a few airline discs
you
just shot down a plane minera group
on enakievo fell
the boxes went though to take pictures
kinds of aircraft inside minutes ago movie
yes major means this nonsense
I have n't had anything at all yet
citizens and cherry clothes and on it
it's tom aircraft whipped in the area
snow torez it turned out
passenger trusting not hornily sea there
the corpses of women and children are now Cossacks there
watching this whole thing to the TV
conveys seemingly like this one on 26
Kravinsky
partner is written a lot of discs
airlines